Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: knowledge_base/job_backfill_data/README.md

# job_backfill_data

> This example demonstrates a Declarative Automation Bundle Job that runs a SQL task with a date parameter for backfilling data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates how to define a job that runs a SQL task with a date parameter for backfilling data.
```
